Update WebFileRepository and XSOARWebServer integration files (#29468)
demisto/content: Packs/XsoarWebserver/Integrations/XSOARWebServer/README.md

    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Incident type |  | False |
    | Long running instance |  | False |

>     | Server Listening Port | Runs the service on this port from within Cortex XSOAR. Requires a unique port for each long-running integration instance. Do not use the same port for multiple instances. Note: If you click the test button more than once, a failure may occur mistakenly indicating that the port is already in use. (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) If you do not enter a Listen Port, an unused port for the EDL will automatically be generated when the instance is saved. However, if using an engine, you must enter a Listen Port.

Author: ```suggestion
    | Server Listening Port | Runs the service on this port from within Cortex XSOAR. Requires a unique port for each long-running integration instance. Do not use the same port for multiple instances. Note: If you click the test button more than once, a failure may occur mistakenly indicating that the port is already in use. (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) If you do not enter a port, an unused port for XSOAR Web Server will automatically be generated when the instance is saved. However, if using an engine, you must enter a port.
```
